---
layout: post
title: Rocket.Chat
category: 'technology'
---

##  What is Rocket.Chat?

Rocket.Chat is a Web Chat Server, developed in JavaScript, using the Meteor fullstack framework.

It is a great solution for communities and companies wanting to privately host their own chat service or for developers looking forward to build and evolve their own chat platforms.

##  Installation

####    Minimum Requirements for Server Deployment

### VPS (minimal)

-   Single core (2 GHz)
-   1 GB RAM
-   30 GB of SSD

The above minimal virtual configuration, when not over-provisioned by provider, is ideal for small deployments of up to 200 users, up to 50 concurrently active and mimimal level of mixed uploads, sharing, and bot activities.

### VPS (recommended)

-   Dual core (2 GHz)
-   2 GB RAM
-   40 GB of SSD

The above virtual configuration, when not over-provisioned by provider, can accommodate small deployments of up to 500 users, up to 100 concurrently active and moderate level of mixed uploads, sharing, and bot activities.

### Really Small office Server (Under $100 on-premise server for small group)

-   Raspberry Pi 3 or Pi 2 ($35 all-in-one system)
-   4 cores 1 GB memory
-   32 GB SD card ($15)

The above minimal configuration can accommodate a small office or group of up to 50 users and up to 25 concurrently active and moderate level of mixed uploads, sharing, and bot activites. This is based on a managed MongoDB service (such as mlab.com). Running mongo local to a Pi is not recommended at this time.
